# Trashed your server, Desk- or Laptop? DON'T PANIC! - relax-and-recover!

Coderbunker is excited to welcome Prof. LU again for an introduction to rear (relax-and-recover).

This is a must-see for anybody running any Linux Server, laptop or Desktop.

## Relax and Recover

Relax-and-Recover is a "setup-and-forget" Linux bare metal and virtual disaster recovery solution. It is easy to set up and requires no maintenance so there is no excuse for not using it.

### Home user
- recover from a broken hard disk using a bootable USB stick
- recover a broken system from your bootloader
- recover a corrupted virtual machine

### Enterprise user
- collect small ISO images on a central server
- integrate with your backup solution
- integrate with your monitoring solution
- standardize recoverysolution for all your virtual or bare-metal servers

website: https://relax-and-recover.org


## About Prof. LU:

Prof. LU's (卢老师) has been involved in computing for over 30 years and in Linux since its beginning.

As part of several positions in big-name IT players, he has led the implementation of ISO standards related to IT security,  taught about IT management in MBA classes, and led IT related businesses in Europe and China.

Engineer, academic, businessman and entrepreneur, he can provide the right balance of applied tech- and business expertise and recommendations to help you succeed in your tech entrepreneurship.

Along his career, Prof. LU has travelled over 5 continents and learned 5 languages while doing so (the workshop is being held in English with a slight french accent).

..................................................................

If you want to try those things hands-on ... bring your laptop, and optionnally a USB stick or hard drive. We will provide all virtual USB drive, recovery hard disks and servers to each participants for brewless crash test.

Workshop content:

1. brief intro of REAR (10 min)
2. practical session: setup REAR on your VPS (15 min)
3. backup system (10 min)
4. replace hard-disk with new blank one (10 min)
5. recover system and data on new blank disk (10 min)
6. test new system is working (5 min)
7. If time allows, possible variations: test integration with Bacula backup, test with Windows server backup

...................................................................

attendance fee RMB 50.- (NOT JPY) includes 1 Drink (Beer, Softdrinks).

Free for Agora Space and Coderbunker members.
